c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.config
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Buscar.resources
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Login.resources
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Principal.resources
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Registrarse.resources
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.pdb
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe
c:\users\nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.pdb
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.application
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.application
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Informes.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Nastaroht\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.config
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.pdb
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.application
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\bin\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.pdb
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Buscar.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Informes.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Login.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Principal.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.Registrarse.resources
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Nastaroht\Documents\Github\Practica_Telefonos\Practica_Telefonos\obj\Debug\Practica_Telefonos.application
